Hi, my name is [REDACTED] 

Introduction
This white paper suggests a potentially high-reward secondary science target that may be
appropriate to include during a revised Kepler planet search r is to be repurposed to
observe a field on or near the ecliptic plane we suggest that be included in the field of
view. Assuming an appropriate fie dditional resources
to observe this planet. A longterm photometric series taken of
could potentiallly detect internal os net and open a new windo
probing the interior structure of an ice giant. Kepler has demonstrated both that ice giants are
common in the galaxy and the exceptional value of continuous photo nitoring for
detecting and interpreting stellar oscillations. A Kepler observation of would
appropriately combine these two successes to perhaps similarly dissec ior structure of
one of our own ice giants.
Scientific Background
The classes of solar system planets: the gas giants and the ice gian
with masses around 16 asses comprise a distinct class from
masses. The primary constituents es greater than about l
hin atmospheric are likely ices surrounding ky core with a r
of h ich gas. Kepler has ably demonstrated that such mass
much more common than gas giants in fact---outside of th stem
It is thus important to understand the interior structure of these worlds in
del their formation and evolution. Unfortunately our best data on the interior structure
of these worlds comes from the gravitational harmonics measured during the single flybys of
Voyager 2 about 25 years ago. Given the uncert armonics, a number of possible
interior structu compositions are possible
Guillot outlines a number of impo surrounding the ice giants.
ne the s eir cores and the composition of their deep envelopes. Marley et al.
employed a Monte Carlo method for the construction of interior models and
strated that the uncer ere sufficiently great that both
ell as continuously varying models
were possible. Without new
from the available data.
Seismology is "by far the most promising technique for
constraining the core mass of the uncertainties that plague interior
model inversion. In principle, for a fixed spherical harmonic degree, acoustic oscillation modes
of sequentially higher order n penetrate progressively less deeply into the interior. Some
oscillation modes thus "see" the core while others do not, The progression of mode
frequenciesif observed--uniquely delineates the size of the planet's core as well as the
structure of the envelope. The basic theo be
discussed a tsov et al.
omputing giant planet oscillat
and includes work by Mosser for
and Marley for
The bee ber of searches for giant planet oscillations, primarily for 
